
# Portfolio
This assignment was chosen because the project was a semester long and aimed to create a real work environment in the Software Engineering field. The project is a three-dimensional game that was implemented for Windows OS using the Unity engine in C# and UnityScript(Javascript). The game is very similar to the popular mobile phone title “Temple Run”. The main difference is that our game was made for educational purposes, and some objects in the game were created with Maya to achieve originality and uniqness. The objective of the game is to spell words by collecting tokens while avoiding obstacles. The game has login features, user profiles, user score ranking system, add-ons and graphic configuration options.The project consisted of three iterations and addresses each of the four Computer Science Learning Goals and four College-Wide Learning Goals.
  
Each iteration had different requirements and was completed in respect to a planned timeline. Students were divided in to teams of four and individual roles were assigned to each member of the group. Therefore, we were required to communicate our ideas and explore issues by speaking to each other in class and by creating a group chat. Communcation helped us to formulate the proper ideas and solve problems faster. This helped us acquire a project-based experience working both individually and in a group setting. After every iteration we demonstrated our idea and progress in oral, visual and written forms. To better understand the concepts and techniques of software design we implemented a proper user interface by developing our object oriented programming skills. This has helped to understand the concept of Windows OS games, general user requirements, three-dimensional graphics and camera projections. Since, there was no prior knowledge of completing any of the task, we were required to develop effective problem-solving skills by studying individually outside the class time. After finishing the project, we were able to attain a system-level understanding of the computer by completing all the required tasks by testing and executing the game on different computers with different system specifications.
