# Final-Release

Language: C#, Query
Software: Unity, SQLite, Maya

Portfolio
	The project is a three-dimensional game that was implemented for Windows OS using the Unity engine. The game is very similar to the popular mobile phone title “Temple Run”. The main difference is that our game was made for educational purposes. The objective of the game is to spell words by collecting tokens while avoiding obstacles. The game has login features, user profiles, user score ranking system, add-ons and graphic configuration options. 
	This assignment was chosen because it addresses each of the four Computer Science learning goals. The project was a semester long and aimed to create a real work environment in the Software Engineering field.  The project consisted of three iterations. Each iteration had different requirements and was completed in respect to a planned timeline. Students were divided in to teams of four and individual roles were assigned to each member of the group in order to acquire project experience working both individually and in a group setting. To better understand the concepts and techniques of software design we determined and designed a proper user interface. This has helped to understand the concept of Windows OS games, general user requirements, three-dimensional graphics and camera projections. Since, there was no prior knowledge of completing any of the task, we were required to develop effective problem-solving skills by studying individually. After finishing the project, we were able to attain a system-level understanding of the computer by completing all the required tasks.
